Go to Scratch for Budding Computer Scientists (link on bit.ly/SAHSCS) and answer the
following questions.

You will need to create a file that is named your username and paste your answers in it.
After you have completed the questions, submit a pull request in this same repository.

1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java? 
Before learning to solve problems, you must learn a new language.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning to think logically and approach problems methoically.

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
It removes focus on syntax and allows you to focus on problems. (Originally my off-the-top-of-my-head answer)

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
Directive that instructs the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
A part of a statement that reports as "true" or "false"

6) What is a conditional statement?
Something that must report as "true" to be executed.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
Multiple executions of the same code.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
A local variable only changes for that sprite, while all sprites change globals.

9) What is a Boolean variable?
A variable used as a boolean. i.e. <(salty)=(yes)>

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
"Hat" blocks, formally known as Event blocks.

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
GF clicked, broadcasts and recieve broadcasts.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
9

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
19

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
3

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
methods, which allow you pass control of execution from one sequence of blocks to another;
parameters, which allow you to influence the behavior of methods;
return values, which allow one sequence of blocks to "return" information to another;
inheritance and polymorphism, which allow relationships to exist among data structures. (Yes, PLAIGAIRISM, but I read it all)
